= WildSoNet::Streamer

Simple way to stream data from server to client's browser.

== Status

* No documentation
* No tests

Not production ready ... experimental ... proof of concept.

== Browsers

* Mac
** Safari       OK
** Chrome       OK
** Firefox      OK
** Opera        Not tested
* Windows
** IE           Not tested
** Chrome       Not tested
** Firefox      Not tested
** Safari       Not tested
** Opera
* Linux
** Firefox      Not tested
** Chrome       Not tested
** Opera
** Konqueror    Not tested
* iOS
** WebKit       Not tested
** Opera        Not tested
* Android
** WebKit       Not tested
** Opera        Not tested

== Usage

- Start server at specific address and port
- Configure front-end server to proxy requests to streamer
- Request stream from your website
- Push messages from your application using Hazelcast

=== Starting Streamer server

  address = "0.0.0.0"
  port = 3001
  WildSoNet::Streamer::Server.start(port, address)

=== Configure nginx for proxying

  location /streamer {
    proxy_pass http://address:port;
	chunked_transfer_encoding on;
	proxy_buffering off;
  }

=== Embed to your site

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/streamer.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
    Streamer.url = "/streamer" //URL to used to access streams, configured in previous step
    Streamer.start(client_id) // Starts stream with client ID
  </script>

=== Push messages from application

When streamer is embedded into application

  WildSoNet::Streamer::Server.push(client_id, message)

or when messages are distributed

  WildSoNet::Hazelcast.queue("streamer").put(Marshal.dump([client_id, message]))

== Contributing to wildsonet-streamer
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Marek Jelen. See LICENSE.txt for further details.